Damo's Alarms 'N Timers
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
This application was first considered when I realized that I could find no real
good freeware application for Windows that handles multipurpose alarms and 
timers functionality.  I was impressed by the capability of the stock 'Alarms'
application that comes bundled with the fresh install X11 applications for
Ubuntu and Debian, so at first I was trying to model my application after this.
While not really similar in appearance, the purpose is similar-- to make
available an infinite amount of concurrent specific alarm settings (with custom
notification sounds) and countdown timers (also with custom notification
sounds).

I never made it through the first attempt at writing this application due to
poor knowledge of C# and maintainable coding practices in general.  I attempted
to start a rewrite a couple of years ago in Portland, but the living situation
there was not so condusive to finishing it.  So, with a much better grasp of
coding practice now, I'm attempting a from-scratch rewrite.  I've also added a
'reminder' functionality to the application, which is basically just an alarm
with a text message reminder.  I've got some other ideas for spicing things up
that I'm going to be throwing in, as well, as soon as basic functionality is
completed.

That's it for now; the first version's disclaimer [below] still applies.  :)

This is my first serious application in C#, and as such, I am learning quite a
bit about the language, and proper coding technique, as I go.  This is a work
in progress, and should not be judged on its codebase, or functionality, until
I say that it's complete and perfect.  :)